c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Body_color.exe.config
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Body_color.exe
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Body_color.pdb
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\Body_color.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\Body_color_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\Body_color.g.resources
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\Body_color.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\Body_color.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\Body_color.exe
c:\users\keisuke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Body_color\Body_color\obj\Debug\Body_color.pdb
